Update README (#5)
rmatsum836/mbuild-cookiecutter: README.md

From here, the user will be prompted for information on how to build
the directory such as package name, module name, and authors.

## Testing

Unit testing with [pytest](https://pytest.org) has been integrated
within this cookiecutter.  This testing framework is used 
in [mBuild](https://github.com/mosdef-hub/mbuild).  The default tests

> added in `project/tests/` are to check that the cookiecutter package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
added in `{{cookiecutter.directory_name}}/tests/` are to check that the cookiecutter package
```

Not sure if this would be more clear or potentially confusing (another one) below)
